Summary of changes from initial unnumbered release to 0.1
---------------------------------------------------------

- The common fields in Crystal Genome properties have changed. These are all written automatically by `kim-tools`, so you do not need to change your test driver to accomodate this, but you need to update your Property Definitions. See the example property in the example test driver.
- The `CrystalGenomeTestDriver` class has been renamed to `SingleCrystalTestDriver`
- There have been significant changes to how the nominal crystal structure on which a Test Driver makes its calculations is accessed and updated from the `_calculate()` method. See the example Test Driver for an example of these changes.
    - The new way to obtain the initial Atoms object, `self._get_atoms()`, provides a primitive cell of the crystal instead of conventional. Molecular statics Test Drivers should use this cell as-is, because it is smaller and more efficient. **TODO**: Provide at least a way to get/set the conventional cell for MD drivers that have already begun development. Eventually need to integrate supercell building and refolding into the nominal structure getter and setter functions, with flexible options such as "automatically change basis to the most orthorhombic cell possible", with the refolding integrating the translation symmetry breaking analysis and able to invert an arbitrary change of basis (provided by the getter)
- `self._update_crystal_genome_designation_from_atoms()`, the function for updating the nominal crystal structure, has been renamed to `self._update_nominal_parameter_values()`. It now takes only one mandatory argument -- an `Atoms` object that must be a primitive cell of the crystal in the same axis setting as originally provided by `self._get_atoms()`. Similarly, the `self._get_crystal_genome_designation_from_atoms_and_verify_unchanged_symmetry()` function has been renamed to `self._verify_unchanged_symmetry()`. See the example Test Driver and the API documentation for these functions.
- There is no longer an option for a Test Driver to `optimize` the Atoms object provided to it. This functionality should be accomplished by invoking the `EquilibriumCrystalStructure` Test Driver from the `kimvv` package (see the example `run.py` to see how this is done) **TODO**: Actually implement this
- In addition to `KIMTestDriver.property_instances` and `KIMTestDriver.write_property_instances()` being able to get and write all Property Instances accumulated over all runs of the `KIMTestDriver` object (this is the base class of `SingleCrystalTestDriver`), each invocation of a Test Driver also returns a dictionary containing all the Property Instances computed during that run. See the example `run.py` for more.
- Formerly, when calling your Test Driver object, you could pass it the optional argument `atoms`, or a set of arguments describing the crystal structure (intended to be passed as the dictionary returned by `kim_tools.query_crystal_genome_structures()`, expanded with `**`). These have been unified into a single mandatory argument `material` (the first positional argument), which can be either an `atoms` object, or a dictionary constituting an instance of the `crystal-structure-npt` OpenKIM property. See the example `run.py`.
- The `kim_tools.query_crystal_genome_structures()` helper function has been renamed to `kim_tools.query_crystal_structures()` and had some functionality added. You can now query based on a crystal's short-name (e.g. "Face-Centerd Cubic", or any case-insensitive substring of it). You can also omit the `kim_model_name` argument, in which case Reference Data will be searched instead (useful if you are using an interatomic that is not on OpenKIM.org, although you will have to relax the structure first). In line with the previous bullet point, it now returns a list of instances of the `crystal-structure-npt` OpenKIM property. Each entry in this list can be passed to your Test Driver directly. See the example `run.py`.
- The [kim-python-utils](https://github.com/openkim/kim-python-utils) repo has been merged into `kim-tools`. Any functions formerly accessible in `kim-python-utils` are now accessible here.
